so I just dropped my
Pradaxa yesterday's in my 30 which is
going away and gonna pretty soon be
replacing it with my nude gain or
Teraflex 44 I've got the front pretty
much completely removed couple really
not much left the Dragons there and got
the back removed I started putting on
the Teraflex or the curry rear control
arms this is my rear 44 which I'm
keeping and now there's my curry bracket
and the bump stops for the lift and I'm
sending it to Robert Rock house to get
it reviewed get the lockers put in and
keeping my stock axles for now until I
break them at least so get that and get
my Teraflex hopefully in the next week
and then I'll start putting it back
together really got a lot of parts this
week got a lot of parts still an order
but it's just start taking shape soon so
that's what it looks like with the both
both actuals all pretty much the
suspension taken off except for the
front drag link and the shocks rear
track bar but then those are the new
Currie control arms they're the John
joints
splendor when you build a jeep you end
up throwing away so much stuff I mean
look at these color screens it's
brand-new still have the few tags on
them the Jeep has 125 miles on it brand
new I'm just plugging it up throwing
this control alarms you know brand new
controller we going in the trash so you
know Tyrod dry track bar etc so anyways
that's what the Jeep looks like right
now it's a pretty stripped from the
frame down and I got my two axles my 44
is going to get reared and I get the
curry bracket mounted on and that Yukon
lockers put in and then the third he's
just gonna go away and he wants it
Robert wants it to I think rebuilt it
because they built the Curry's out of
the Seas so they want the Seas so
anyways ready to ship off my axles and
get my Teraflex and get this dana 44
back and start building my G